TypeError: NoneType object is not iterable (#2899)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

* Fixed an issue where **download** command failed when running on a beta integration.
* Added the `DEMISTO_SDK_GRAPH_FORCE_CREATE` environment variable. Use it to force the SDK to recreate the graph, rather than update it.
* Added support for code importing multi-level ApiModules to **lint**.

> * Fixed an issue where **validate** failed on null values in a classifier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where **validate** failed when attempting to map null values in a classifier.
```

* Fixed an issue with **update-content-graph** where `--use-git` parameter was ignored when using `--imported-path` parameter.
* Fixed an issue where **validate** failed on playbooks with valid inputs, since it did not collect the playbook inputs occurrences properly.

> 

Reviewer: redundant
```suggestion
```
